Back to CloudFront., So,
you can take a lucky guess where we
can implement some bad error page
dancing that we have a CloudFront,
it's in this one called error pages.
This is kinda cool because we get a lot
more options than we had previously.
So here we can choose a whole
bevy of different error codes,
and what we wanna do in given cases,
right?
How long do you wanna cache that for, and
do you wanna customize the error response?
Well, we do.
Do for now found, you can redirect
them basically anywhere in this case,
and choose your status code.
So before, if you remember, when we
went to s3, we'd given the page but
we'd count it as a 404.
And then I told you like first we're
gonna treat everything as a 404, and
then second,
we're going to treat nothing as a 404, and
then eventually we'll treat only
things that should be 404 as 404s.
We're on the second phase
of our journey together.
We're gonna break the web
in a different way.
And I want to be real clear.
This is how a lot of sites do it.
And, the solution that we're
eventually going to get to, so
I'm gonna set that to index HTML,
which is gonna serve my JavaScript,
whatever client Side Routing,
take care of stuff.
I'm gonna say this okay.
And this is what a lot of
client side applications do.
And the solution that will
eventually end up in is me and
one of my co workers got into a fight
because he's like you're breaking the web.
You should use that remote thing that
we used to do like five, six years ago,
where for client side routes,
it was a hashtag.
And then the rest of the route,
like Twitter had it for a while.
He's like,
we should use hash routes everywhere.
And I as a person with dignity,
said, I'm not doing that.
And then we went at it for
like three hours on a Friday night,
we eventually get to the final solution.
So, that's a fun story.
And this one needs the slash.
The last one,
the default route object, no slash.
Response page path needs a slash.
I would love to tell you eventually
remember all these things but
clearly as you saw I did not.
>> Quick question with the disabling
the static website hosting.
Do we also wanna disable it for
the www bucket?
>> That will just redirect.
Should, yeah.
>> It don't matter either way.
>> I don't think so.
Let's find out.
>> Okay [LAUGH]
>> I also think that the www is now going
directly to CloudFront.
>> Sure.
>> Right, so that bucket now is
useful in some cases, right?
Like, there is no necessity
that you have to use s3.
If you use CloudFront.
There is no necessity that you
have to use clustering to use s3.
So some of these things like, If you use
the whole solution, you might slice and
dice it in slightly different ways.
But I'm pretty sure our
www is also good to go.
And it's also secured.
One thing to note is there
was a minute there earlier,
where I was not going to
redirect it from HTTP to HTTPS.
That was simply DNS catching up.
I opened it in Chrome that didn't
have the same DNS cache, it was fine.
The browser just was confused
that were wildly changing our
deployment structures in
our time together, awesome.
So we've got that in place.
All right, and so
we should have our client side routes
let's just verify that as well.
Nope, but that one's unclear if
that's because it hasn't deployed yet
or not So we'll go check that one again in
a second, and find out did we mess up, or
do things just take a while.
So if I go to my distributions,
it's still declined.
So I can't we not, we cannot confirm that,
we have messed anything up yet.
But, we'll go just check to make sure.
Error pages, I've got the 404s,
going to index HTML with a 200.
I'm gonna assume it's just
deploying at this exact moment.
So, one of the things I promised you
was I was gonna look into why my
client side routes weren't working.
And, it's almost as if I can't read,
which is, if we look at the error,
The error says, Access Denied.
Now, I'm using Safari in this case
just to keep the account simple,
but we all know the 404
is not Access denied.
44 is not found, 403 is Access denied.
And I have only dealt with
the edge case of a 404.
So everything works.
It's the human that's problematic.
So, we can go ahead and
fix that real quick.
We've got the 404, I'm gonna keep
them because that's still a fair,
irresponsible, create another custom one.
Like in my notes is like,
also make one 4o4 or 3 I was like,
I don't need to do that.
Got up we need to give it
that page path as well.
We'll send them over to this one
has to have the slash, remember.
The saving grace is once you get this
all set up, you mostly leave it forever.
So, that makes you feel better.
All right, so now if we look,
we're deploying it again, but
I'm gonna, okay, there's no reason,
we'll check on it a little bit.
We'll put it back in the oven.
I was suspicious that going that quickly
with the error response was gonna work but
we'll find out together.